Document advanced binding options (#39839)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sbo-naming-strategies.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /applications/connecting_applications_to_services/binding-workloads-using-sbo.adoc

[id="sbo-naming-strategies_{context}"]
= Naming strategies

> This section describes the naming strategies, which are available only for the `binding.operators.coreos.com` API group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naming strategies are available only for the `binding.operators.coreos.com` API group.
```
Remove `This section describes`. It doesn't really add anything meaningful, and anyway the title of the section implies what the content will be.

> Naming strategies use Go templates to help you define custom binding names through the service binding request. Naming strategies are applicable for all attributes including the mappings in the `ServiceBinding` custom resource (CR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naming strategies use Go templates to help you define custom binding names through the service binding request. Naming strategies apply for all attributes including the mappings in the `ServiceBinding` custom resource (CR).
```
Edit for concision

> A backing service projects the binding names as files or environment variables into the workload. If a workload expects the projected binding names in a particular format, but the binding names to be projected from the backing service are not available in that format, then you can change the binding names using the naming strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A backing service projects the binding names as files or environment variables into the workload. If a workload expects the projected binding names in a particular format, but the binding names to be projected from the backing service are not available in that format, then you can change the binding names using naming strategies.
```

.Predefined post-processing functions
While using the naming strategies, depending on the expectations or requirements of your workload, you can use the following predefined post-processing functions in any combination to convert the character strings:

> * `upper`: Converts the character strings into capital or uppercase letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `upper`: Converts the character strings into capital or uppercase letters.
```

> * `lower`: Converts the character strings into lowercase letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `lower`: Converts the character strings into lowercase letters.
```
Either use periods or no periods consistently in the bulleted list

* `title`: Converts the character strings where the first letter of each word is capitalized except for certain minor words.

.Predefined naming strategies
Binding names declared through annotations or Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) descriptors are processed for their name change before their projection into the workload according to the following predefined naming strategies:

* `none`: When applied, there are no changes in the binding names.
+
.Example
After the template compilation, the binding names take the `{{ .name }}` form.
+
----
host: hippo-pgbouncer
port: 5432
----

* `upper`: Applied when no `namingStrategy` is defined. When applied, converts all the character strings of the binding name key into capital or uppercase letters.
+
.Example
After the template compilation, the binding names take the `{{ .service.kind | upper}}_{{ .name | upper }}` form.
+
----
DATABASE_HOST: hippo-pgbouncer
DATABASE_PORT: 5432
----
+
If your workload requires a different format, you can define a custom naming strategy and change the binding name using a prefix and a separator, for example, `PORT_DATABASE`.

[NOTE]
====

> * When the binding names are projected as files, by default the predefined `none` naming strategy is applied, and there are no changes in the binding names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the binding names are projected as files, by default the predefined `none` naming strategy is applied, and the binding names do not change.
```
Per ISG: avoide  "there is" and "there are" constructions. See the "Grammar" section for more info,

Author: Perfect! Thanks for the reference. Looks good now :)

> * When the binding names are projected as files, by default the predefined `none` naming strategy is applied and there are no changes in the binding names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the binding names are projected as files, by default the predefined `none` naming strategy is applied, and there are no changes in the binding names.
```
Need comma before a coordinating conjunction.
